1.To verify User should click on AddNew  button.
2.To verify User should enter item name.
3.To verify User should enter discription about item.
4.To verify User should enter price of item .
5.Try to add multiple items.
6.Remove all or one item.
7.Try to add more than one quantity of the same item.
8.To verify User should click on picture Upload butoon.
9.To verify picture should contain name of item.
10.To verify picture should contain discription of item.
11.To verify picture should contain price of item.
12.To verify it should display thumbnails of every added item.
13.To verify every item should have Remove button.
14.After click on new item,items detail page gets open
15.To verify after click on any item it should display name of item.
16.To verify after click on any item it should display discription of item.
17.To verify after click on any item it should display price of item.
18.To verify after click on any item it should display picture of item.

Backend:

1.Whether the mapping of the database fields and columns in the back end is compatible with those mappings in the front end.

2.Validation of the length and naming convention of the database fields. 
3.Columns as specified by the requirements.

4.Whether the database fields allow the user to provide desired user inputs as required by the business requirement specification documents.

5.Check whether the references for foreign keys are valid.

6.Check whether the data type of the primary key and the corresponding foreign keys are same in the two tables.

7.Check whether the required naming conventions have been followed for all the keys and indexes.

8.Check the size and length of the required fields and indexes.
9.Check 
Whether the 
required
Clustered indexes

Non Clustered indexes

have been created on the required tables as specified by the business requirements.

API:

1.To verify that the API receives input and returnes the expecte output as specified in the requirenment.
2.To verify that the response status code is returned as specified in the requirenment whether it returnes 
2xx or error code
3.Specify input with minimum required fields and with maximum fields..
4.To verify that the API returnes an appropriate response when the expected output does not exist.
3.perform input validation test
4.verify the APIs behviours with different levels of authorization.








