Whether the mapping of the database fields and columns in the back end is compatible with those mappings in the front end.
Validation of the length and naming convention of the database fields and columns as specified by the requirements.
Whether the database fields allow the user to provide desired user inputs as required by the business requirement specification documents.
Check whether the references for foreign keys are valid.
Check whether the data type of the primary key and the corresponding foreign keys are same in the two tables.
Check whether the required naming conventions have been followed for all the keys and indexes.
Check the size and length of the required fields and indexes.
Whether the required
Clustered indexes
Non Clustered indexes
have been created on the required tables as specified by the business requirements.

Observations:

1. In connection Details 
---Total load ....enter 2 and then below values are auto populated 
now click on calculate load. 
then the Total load becomes 0 and auto populated values are still there

2. 
Title and Name textbox and dropdown size not matching

3. Applicant details and Power Supply Address separated by lines which is not good

4. See the font ahead ----Whether power supply address same is billing address-----The font style of YES and NO are different.

5. Payment option----> Payment Options 

6. Check websites in all browsers ....

7. Logos can be shown in Big size 

8 Two logos are combined which is not good for User 

9.Background of Applicant Details should be in light color

10. Help section should be centre aligned


11. Yes is Camel case and NO is all Caps

12. Check Title dropdown M/S all caps others are Camel case

13 In connection details ---> Supply voltage ----> if user selects LT or HT focus goes to start of the page ...This should npt happen..

14.  In connection details --->Purpose of supply----> Required in mentioned that is not needed since start of the page we have mentioned that * are compulsory fields

15.  In connection details --->total load ---> put `1----> it redirected to error page instead it should give oon page itself
